feat(tooltip): support for custom positioner (#1832)
dynatrace-oss/barista: libs/barista-components/chart/README.md

## Inputs

| Name           | Type                                              | Default                              | Description                                 |
| -------------- | ------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------- |

> | `options`      | `Observable<DtChartOptions>                       | DtChartOptions                       | undefined`                                  | `undefined` | Sets options for the chart. `DtChartOptions` extends from `Highcharts.Options`, but removes the series property. The series property is passed as separate input. |

Author: I tried to commit the original file from IntellJ, Visual studio and the terminal but it gets reformatted when performing the commit (consider that I never reformatted the whole file). It does not happen only with `|` but also on `{{ }}`.
Is there any way to avoid this file formatter on the commit ?

> | `options`      | `Observable<DtChartOptions>                       | DtChartOptions                       | undefined`                                  | `undefined` | Sets options for the chart. `DtChartOptions` extends from `Highcharts.Options`, but removes the series property. The series property is passed as separate input. |

Author: This should fix the issue https://www.markdownguide.org/extended-syntax/#escaping-pipe-characters-in-tables 
I thought that it was related to the ide initially but indeed the issue was the pipe inside backticks

```html
<dt-chart ...>
  <dt-chart-tooltip>
    <ng-template let-tooltipdata> {{ tooltipdata.point.y }} </ng-template>
  </dt-chart-tooltip>
</dt-chart>
```

> It is possible to provide a custom scrolling strategy for the `dt-chart-tooltip`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to provide a custom position function for the `dt-chart-tooltip`
```
